justine spotted something moving in the
trees like a howler monkey where is it
yeah yes yes that's it there's a male
called a that grumpy don't Lee
don't hit me I'll grumpy just to have
that permanent expression if he's very
miserable life fantastic
there it goes
really see the use of the prehensile
tail just like a fifth limb it's like a
safety rope it's the last thing that's
released they spend nine hours every day
chewing their way through the tough
rainforest leaves the other 15 hours
they sleep there's two others in the
tree
the big male atop there he's coming down
taking a good look at me amazing it's
probably nearly 200 meters away with
these from really really staring at me
he's looking up